Previously on
Banshee...
This whole sheriff thing
you're doing...
If you go down, we both
end up on Rabbit's radar.
Well, I guess we're
in it together, then.
I want in.
You have a particular
skill set?
You mean aside
from saving your ass?
Shut the fuck up.
I'm Siobhan Kelly.
You're under arrest.
Who did I kill?
Christopher Hanson.
The Moody boys
are gunning for you.
You killed their brother and
they're not gonna let that sit.
I'm gonna break you.
Break me?
You have no idea what real
power is.
Sir, it's
my daughter Rebecca.
Very nice to meet you.
You, too.
What do you want?
You better brace yourself.
Here come the motherfuckin'
neighborhood.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Banshee 1x05 ♪
The Kindred
Original Air Date on February 8, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
- Yeah?
- I'm at the county line.
17 minutes since they
got off 80.
You should have them
in about 30 seconds.
- No stops?
- Same route four days running.
Does this entire town
smell like cow shit?
Yeah, you got to
stay upwind.
Okay, I have 'em.
And they're waiting.
And there he is.
- The old man?
- And the son. Same drill.
Sounds like somebody
got micromanagement issues.
Wherever we do hit them,
it won't be here.
Baby, before they see you
is always your best bet.
Not with all that hardware.
We're gonna have to take
them on the road.
Who the fuck is that?
That's Sugar.
He's with us.
And when did we become
a motherfucking committee?
- Did I miss a vote?
- You'll meet soon enough. Don't worry.
Sounds older than God and you call
him Sugar. Why should I be worried?
I'm sorry. All the other potty mouth
drag queens were busy.
Hmm, repartee.
How motherfucking exciting.
Do you have any idea what it
takes to crack a truck like that?
No, none at all.
That's why you're here.
This sucks.
All right?
Can't we go back to the city, man?
Any city.
We could do a bank,
do diamonds.
Something more suited
to our skills.
This is a stagecoach.
It's some motherfucking
Wild West stuff in here.
Hey, we're rebuilding.
Raising capital.
- We're slumming.
- You wanted in, Job.
Only because
I had to torch my salon
thanks to you,
motherfucker.
Cost of doing business.
Fuck you.
Fuck each
and every one of you.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
Come on.
Let's go, you guys.
- Don't fall behind.
- Hurry up!
Hey, Mom. Why do they
wear those masks?
They're banshee masks.
The evil spirit
of a murdered Kinaho bride.
- Deva.
- What, Mom? He can take it.
Yeah, Mom,
I can take it.
- It's just a legend.
- What's the legend?
Just that the spirit
of the murdered Kinaho bride
stayed behind to haunt
the white men who killed her.
So naturally we turned
it into a festival.
That is one
sweet-ass MILF.
- Fuck off, douchebag.
- Deva!
What?
They're being assholes.
Yes, and we don't need
to encourage them.
- Here you go, Mrs. Moody.
- Thank you.
- Their pies are so good.
- Yeah.
Hi. Last year you had some
terrific peach cobbler.
- How much?
- $5.
Only 20
and she's had problems.
Mr. Proctor.
Oh, hello, Alex.
Good to see you.
Can I get you
a sandwich?
Oh, no, thank you.
I haven't seen Benjamin.
My father's not feeling
well today.
But he did hear about
your legal issues
and asked me
to look in on you.
You tell him
I appreciate that,
but I fully expect the case
to be dropped shortly.
Maybe so, but it is
a murder charge.
So I'm sure
that you can understand
that your involvement in the casino
expansion is now an impossibility.
It's too much exposure
for us.
I'm a silent partner,
as you like to point out.
So I don't really follow
your logic.
Banshee's a small town.
These things have a way
of coming out.
We simply can't allow
you to be involved.
But I already am
involved, Alex.
No.
I don't think so.
If that were true,
I'd know about it.
After all, I'm next
in line to be chief.
I'll give my father
your best.
- Sorry I'm late.
- Sheriff Hood, we're just getting started.
This is Special Agent
Dean Xavier with the FBI.
What's the FBI's interest
in Kai Proctor?
I coordinate with the DEA
and the Philadelphia PD
on narcotics.
Every few years, Proctor's
name comes across my desk,
but we can never
tie him to anything.
Now we've got him
for murder.
Are you still going forward
with the grand jury?
I am.
Can't say that the case
hasn't been somewhat compromised,
but we've still got the victim's hand
and Webber's cell phone.
Your case was
circumstantial at best.
Even with the eyewitness.
And now that you've lost him...
The goddamn wall
was brought down with C4.
Please, you couldn't
have done any better.
I wouldn't have been there
to begin with.
A roadside motel?
Seriously?
Hey, did you come here
to piss on my department?
I apologize,
Deputy Lotus.
I didn't mean to imply
that you were at fault here.
Yeah? Well, I was
the only one there.
And that's why
I'm here now.
Look, I'm sure you're all
very good at your jobs.
Sheriff, you've been here
less than a month,
you've got Proctor
by the short hairs.
Frankly, the Bureau should
steal a page from your book.
Is that why
you're here?
To steal a page?
Your lost witness
raised some eyebrows
in my office.
You know what?
This is bullshit.
I've been sent here
to monitor the situation
until the grand jury is in.
You want to keep an eye on
things, that's your business.
Just do it
at a safe distance.
From what I hear about you,
that'd have to be pretty damn far.
We're all on the same
side here, right?
That it?
Look, guys, this doesn't
have to be a thing.
Yeah, well,
it is to me.
Don't worry, Gordon.
It's not.
You believe this shit?
Don't worry about Xavier.
He'll be gone in a few days.
- Grand jury won't take long.
- Hey.
You think
I fucked up here?
I think we fucked up.
And by we,
you mean me, right?
No, we should've had Webber
on lockdown at the Cadi.
- That's on me.
- So let's go find him.
Whoever took out that wall didn't
do it to leave Webber alive.
So, what,
we do nothing?
You heard Hopewell.
The physical evidence
is enough. We're okay.
Proctor's out on bail,
our witness is gone--
we're not okay.
Webber got taken from me.
You got rolled, Brock.
It happens. Shake it off.
That the sum total
of your reaction to this?
It is.
- Shit happens, huh?
- Yup.
Hello, Mr. Bates.
How you doing there,
Mrs. Hopewell?
- How's the cider this year?
- Oh, it's got some kick to it.
- Yeah?
- Mmm.
Mmm.
That's pretty good.
Mom, Max wants
a buggy ride.
- Oh, I don't know.
- Come on, it's a fair.
I'll take him.
It'll be fine.
- You have your inhaler?
- I left it in the car.
Okay, you guys
go and have fun.
I'll grab it
and catch up with you.
Okay. Cool.
Come on, buddy.
Nice kids.
- Mr. Bates.
- Call me Sugar.
Okay, I'll call
you Sugar.
Listen, Sugar,
about the other night.
Ain't got nothing
to worry about.
I have plenty
Yeah, well,
I suppose you do.
But what I'm saying is
you ain't got nothing
to worry about with me.
Thank you.
No.
On the house.
Aw, she got
some treats for us.
Hey, is that our friendly
neighborhood MILF?
Wait a minute, baby.
Where you going?
Excuse me.
You want to smoke
some weed with us, honey?
Get out of my way.
- You're making a mistake.
- Yeah?
She put you down, man.
Let go of me!
- Get her over there.
- Fuck you!
No, fuck you.
- Get away.
- Come on, girl.
You don't want to do this.
Back the fuck off.
- Man, this bitch is in shape.
- Fuck you!
I guess you picked
the wrong street to go down.
Don't fucking move, bitch.
What's going on here?
Mind your business,
old man.
What say we let this lady
join her children
and I'll buy you all
some cider?
I asked you once nicely
to get the fuck--
- Leave him alone.
- Shut your mouth, bitch.
All right,
let her go now.
That's it, man.
All right.
All right. No.
No, no, no. I don't
want no trouble now.
So, we got ourselves
a fighter.
Are you any good?
In my day.
My companion Schroeder
here boxes.
What do you say?
Come on.
Get 'em up, old man.
Get 'em up,
motherfucker.
All right, look--
Impressive, old man.
What do you say
we just let her go
and we call it a day?
We call it a day.
Sugar!
Get back over here.
Lie still, bitch.
I'm not finished
with her yet.
- Tally craves some intimacy.
- Ow!
You sick fuck.
Shh.
- Relax, baby.
- I said get the fuck off of me!
That man needs
an ambulance.
We all have needs, baby.
I'm gonna
fucking kill you.
Yeah?
Maybe later, baby.
But right now,
this ass is mine.
Police!
Drop the gun!
I said drop the gun.
You okay?
- Hey, is she okay?
- I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Jesus.
You look like shit.
Yeah, I've been hit worse.
Look, call Oakey, will you?
The number's on the back
of the register.
He can look after The Forge
till I get back.
Sure. Okay.
Hey, what happened?
He tried to--
he had a gun
and she showed up
before I could take him out.
One guy?
No.
There was like
four of them. Five.
Sugar took out two before
this other guy showed up.
Mom!
Yeah.
Hey.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
He had a gun.
He was on top of her.
No, it's all right.
It's fine.
It was him or you.
You're good.
Oh, my God.
Are you all right?
It's just--
he didn't drop it.
He was assaulting a woman.
He was armed.
You did your job.
Hey, none of us here would have
done it any differently, all right?
Yeah, get her
out of here.
Come on.
I did a quick canvass,
in case you were wondering.
They all cleared out pretty
quickly after it all went down.
All right.
We know 'em?
Yeah, they've been
through before.
Itinerant, town to town.
You know, looking to party.
We book one or two
of them from time to time
on a D and D, they spend
a night in the tank.
But nothing
like this before.
- How do I find them?
- I or we?
We can put out an APB,
but by the time we get a hit,
they could be all the way to
Pittsburgh or out of the state, so...
Let me know
if you get anything back.
Will do.
Fuck Tally.
He decided to go for the
broad and he got burned.
Now they'll be
looking for our asses.
- Yup.
- That woman and the boxer guy,
they can finger us.
- Oh, bullshit.
- I'm with Biggs. We need to get gone now.
We need to fucking roll.
Listen to you guys.
We took an oath, man.
- What are you talking about?
- Hey, fuck Tally.
Will you shut
the fuck up?
Just shut the fuck up.
Tally went down for it and now
they're gonna be looking for us?
Maybe so.
But Tally was our brother.
He wore the ring.
And all we have
is the road and each other.
- That's it. That is fucking it, right?
- He's right.
So nobody is going anywhere
until our brother is avenged.
Look, Tally is dead
and they're having
their little festival?
No.
I don't think so.
- To Tally.
- Tally.
- Hey.
How you doing?
You know, just trying
to get this report done.
You shoot one guy, they want
you to write a book about it.
Tell me about it.
I've never killed
anyone before.
He had a gun
pointed at you.
I know.
Look, killing someone
shouldn't be easy.
But don't let that
make you doubt what you did.
You won't forget
the guy you killed.
That's yours.
But don't forget
the woman you saved either.
It's not just that.
There's something else.
It's like the way
she was fighting him.
And then we found
his gun's clip ejected.
I don't know.
It's like--
it was like she...
I got to head out
on patrol with Emmett.
Why don't you stay
around here today?
Let things settle.
Sounds good.
Fuck!
- What happened?
- A flat.
I only saw
one of them.
Any idea where
they might be?
No.
But I'll start looking.
- Yeah.
- Okay, I'm coming with.
No, that's not
a good idea.
Well, I'm the only
real native here
and I know this county
better than either of you.
Hey. I'll go with Brock
to the festival.
Stay in touch.
Hood, look out!
Hey.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Please settle down.
We'll settle down
when you tell us
what you're going to do
to protect this town.
Yeah!
Everybody's gonna have
a chance to be heard, okay?
They trashed my fruit stand.
Who's gonna pay for that?
They haven't been arrested.
What if they come back?
You need to cancel
the festival.
There's no need
to cancel the festival.
My office is going to be
processing any and all
reasonable claims
of property loss.
Look...
Ladies.
Ladies, gentlemen.
If I may.
What are you
doing here, Proctor?
You know you're out
on bail.
And innocent
until proven guilty.
Which is a good thing,
I must admit,
considering how often our young
mayor here has me arrested.
You all know me.
And whatever
you might think of me,
you know that I look out
for this town.
My own business
was victimized today
by those lowlifes.
It's damn hard to sell prime
rib with tire tracks on it.
But you know I'm gonna try.
The Spirit Festival
is our hallowed tradition
started by our
Native American brethren
over 100 years ago.
It now belongs
to all of us.
And I'll be damned
if a few vagrants
are gonna ruin
our cherished event.
- Yeah!
- So I'll be at the festival.
I'll be at the festival
tomorrow barbecuing
as much free meat
as you all can eat.
And--
and I can assure you
that my own security personnel
will be on hand as well.
No, he's talking about hired
thugs with criminal records.
I understand
that Betsy Denton
was dragged
behind a motorcycle.
That her jaw is broken
in three places.
You ask me, we could have used
a few thugs out there today.
Huh?
Settle down.
If you don't settle down, I'm
gonna have to clear the room.
We've already taken
one of these guys down.
If they come back,
we'll be ready for them.
Yeah, you and what army?
Two deputies
and the cheerleader?
- What's your name?
- George Gutterson.
Yeah, well, George, why
don't you shut your mouth?
The festival stays on.
What happened today
will not happen again.
They have you
outnumbered.
It's true.
Well, I'll tell you
what, Mr. Proctor,
I won't tell you how
to slit a cow's throat,
you don't tell me
how to police this town.
Fair enough.
The festival stays on.
- I'll be at the Cadi.
- Yeah.
Emmett, follow her home.
For Christ's sake, boss.
I'm an armed deputy.
Yeah, good point.
Emmett, follow her home.
- Sheriff Hood.
- Yeah?
Sprechen sie.
Oh, hey.
Sheriff Hood,
I attacked a man
in town today,
one of the bikers,
with this.
Give it to him.
You stabbed one of them?
I'm ready to face the legal
consequences of my actions.
What, are you serious?
She was defending herself.
No, that is not for us to decide.
You are the lawman.
Okay, well,
consider it decided.
No, you keep that.
Come.
- Hey.
You checking up on me?
Nope, I came to get you.
You shouldn't stay here.
Are you kidding me?
What, do I have
a curfew now, too?
No.
Well, this is my house
and I'm not leaving.
Well, I guess
I'm staying, too, then.
When the time comes for
you to spend the night,
it won't be to protect me.
You can let yourself
out now, boss.
I'll have the deputies
pass by throughout the night.
You got a deputy
right here.
Okay.
I guess you could give me
a quick call
before you turn in.
I'll be up.
Sure.
Nurse Davis to Pharmacology.
Nurse Davis
to Pharmacology.
Hey.
How you feeling?
I feel like I've been hit in the
back of the head with a damn stick.
I'm gonna
fucking find them.
No, no.
Let it go, man.
Guys like us,
we get hit sometimes.
You go trying to settle
accounts for every cheap shot,
you'll never get any sleep.
What, do you have
a speech for everything?
I'm a bartender.
Wisdom is
an occupational hazard.
Well, I'll let you
get some rest.
Hey.
I don't suppose you're
gonna take my advice.
That would make us
both wise.
Where's the fun in that?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Hey.
That's a good look
for you.
I want my knife back.
Hey.
You bastards!
Motherfuckers!
No!
God damn it!
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
You motherfuckers!
Fucking kill you!
So those elders--
your father--
they wanted me
to arrest you.
I wish you had.
Now I have to openly repent
or I'll be shunned.
For defending yourself?
The knife was
kind of my last straw.
"Turn the other cheek and do not resist
him who is evil, sayeth the Lord."
My people don't believe
in violence.
What about you?
What do you believe?
Well, I don't know
much about religion,
but this right here
doesn't feel like repentance.
It's not a joke.
Fuck.
Hey, hey.
I'm sorry.
It's like I'm trying
to be two people.
I've been there.
Yeah?
So there's nothing she could've done.
Fire Department's
got it under control.
She's over there.
You okay?
What time is it?
Um, a little
after 1:00.
Today's my birthday.
I was born in that house.
You're staying with Emmett
and Meg until this is over.
Emmett.
Take her home.
She's staying with you.
Hey.
I heard about
your deputy's house.
What are you gonna do about it?
What's your plan?
Well, what's it to you?
Where'd you find him?
One of my guys spotted him at
a liquor store in Danville.
Did he tell you
where they're holed up?
He's been extremely
forthcoming.
Hmm.
So what now?
You arrest these guys, they'll
make bail, stick around.
I'm not planning
on arresting them.
What's in it for you?
You motherfucker!
And where
am I dumping these?
They got warrants
in Cleveland.
- You sure they're alive?
- They're just sleeping it off.
Oh, as requested,
Officer Paul Hibbert.
Oh, no, it was easy.
Podunk cage like that,
bitch,
took me five minutes.
Uh, thanks.
I am legit worried
about you, motherfucker.
- Carrie?
- Hey, Marjorie.
Honey, I heard about
what happened.
- How are you holding up?
- I'm fine.
Yeah?
I'd hoped you would
have called me by now.
I really don't think
you should underestimate
the trauma that
you've been through.
I really recommend that you
get some counseling or...
I appreciate that, Marjorie.
I'll certainly consider it.
Yeah, no, I just mean with everything
else you're going through.
Everything else?
Well...
I mean, I heard that Deva's having
a little bit of trouble in school.
- Skipping classes and whatnot.
- Where'd you hear that?
Oh, no, sweetie,
please don't be upset.
I mean, really,
kids this age,
they live
to test us, right?
My point is that these
are the years as moms,
we got to be
at the top of our game.
So I just don't want you
to sweep this under the rug.
You know, the sooner a victim
of a violent crime--
- I wasn't the victim.
- No, I know.
He's the one that got carted off in a
body bag with a slug in his chest.
And since you've been
so generous
with the friendly advice,
here's some for you.
If I hear that you
and your PTA twats
have been talking shit
about my daughter,
there will be more than
enough trauma to go around.
Enjoy the fair,
Marjorie.
- Were you just hearing them?
- Put it on.
No, no, no. You're not
putting that on me.
She's a great kid.
Yes, she is.
So walk me through this.
How do a frozen hand
and a bagged cell phone
disappear
from your evidence locker?
Everything was here when I
checked out last night.
I'm told there was
an authorized entry
at 7:03 this morning.
A security
clearance card was used
by Officer Paul Hibbert.
That's right.
- Who is that?
- I have no idea.
He's in our system
as an evidence officer
with a clearance card
for this room,
but I'm telling you, nobody by
that name has ever worked here.
And I've been the chief property
clerk for going on 13 years.
Well, then you would know.
Hello, sir.
This is Special Agent Xavier.
Yup, gone.
It's no surprise, really.
With the systems they got here,
all it took was a routine hack
and somebody with the balls
to walk in and take it.
Well, there's something in Banshee
that stinks worse than the cows.
With your permission, I'd like
to stick around for a bit
and follow the stench.
Yes, sir.
I'll keep you posted.
♪ You can stand on the rock,
won't save your soul ♪
♪ Or call on your papa,
won't pay your toll ♪
♪ Now the devil's knocking
at your door ♪
♪ A handful of gimme,
begging for more ♪
♪ Stay away ♪
♪ Black tar,
leave me alone ♪
♪ Can't you see
I'm moving on? ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org